(docs) add repo metadata changelog entry & update docs (#52351)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/repo/metadata.md

## Adding metadata

There are three ways to add metadata to a repository: via web UI, Sourcegraph's GraphQL API, and the [`src-cli` command line tool](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli). 

> **NOTE:** That user needs to have `Repository metadata / Write` RBAC permission to be able to edit repo metadata.

Reviewer: Nit - I would link to the RBAC docs here.

```suggestion
**NOTE:** The user needs to have `Repository metadata / Write` [RBAC permission](..where/are/the/rbac/docs) to be able to edit repo metadata.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! Updated 8695b965809a4c6bb34a87f64d292e16fe5967e1
